Hard-code Joblib backend to loky (#423)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/plugins/joblib_launcher.md

    temp_folder: null

    # thresholds size of arrays that triggers automated memmapping
    max_nbytes: null

    # memmapping mode for numpy arrays passed to workers
    mmap_mode: r
```

> `n_jobs` defaults to -1 (all available CPUs). See [`Joblib.Parallel` documentation](https://joblib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/parallel.html) for full details on arguments. Note that the backend is hard-coded to use process-based parallelism (Joblib's loky backend), since thread-based parallelism is incompatible with Hydra's logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`n_jobs` defaults to -1 (all available CPUs). See [`Joblib.Parallel` documentation](https://joblib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/parallel.html) for full details on arguments. Note that the backend is hard-coded to use process-based parallelism (Joblib's loky backend), since thread-based parallelism is incompatible with Hydra.
```
